Do you think Daniel would try and kill me too?
Why are you being so stubborn?
I thought we agreed to collaborate here.
I thought we agreed that you'd be my assistant.
Don't cross the line.
You had someone replace the will haven't you?
How could it end up like this?
As clueless as you are.
I said that you shouldn't be here.
What? You're gonna marry her now?
You're gonna make me your wedding planner? You know what?
I'm not gonna have-
You have no idea the sacrifices I made to get us.
Marrying her is the only ticket to the Lord.
If you put anything stupid,
you'll be shark-bait for those decorators.
I just-
Daniel, I just care about you so much.
You had beasts of deuce Rodney and I did.
And you had me marry him.
And I did. I would do anything for you.
I froze in.
Please don't forget I was the one who saved you when you were at rock bottom.
Going on this planet loves you the way that I love you.